# â˜• Coffee Talk

## Friday, September 23, 2022

Why I just don't like Udemy. People learn differently. The problem with Packt
publishing scams. Books might not be the best way to learn technical
things. Consider TJ's advice: "rewrite something to see if you
can learn from it and maybe even end up with something better."

## Thursday, September 22, 2022

I hate mechanical keyboards, here's why. And, yes, I'm just a "casual"
gamer. I wish they had a "casual and proud" tee-shirt (but they don't),
which, by the way, led to a rabbit-hole looking at all the different
tee-shirts people buy, insights into how Mormon girls get away with
wearing stuff that would show off their shoulders otherwise, and all the
tee-shirts with the word "proud" on them, which led to a rant about the
absolutely impossible to memorize LGBTQQIAAP acronym (which will
probably change again by the time you read this). Yes, it's possible to
hate the horribly stupid acronym without hating the people it
represents. My favorite letter is I (intersex) because after watching
Intersexion documentary I could no longer believe the absolutely
preposterous claims of the Mormon church that God decreed there are only
"male" and "female" humans.

## Wednesday, September 21, 2022

My \$350 StarTech KVM switch died after a year. Why the 'V' in KVM is
unnecessary. Exploring other multiple computer/one keyboard and mouse
options. Random hugs from wife Doris and dog. Life lessons learned for
streaming: don't buy a green screen. Goals for good dialog. Bailey's in
my coffee next time? Hummm.

## Tuesday, September 20, 2022

Welcome to a new experimental, informal podcast. Looks like I'll keep
the soap-boxing and ranting saved up for when I've been good and fueled
up with coffee in the morning. This hour we talked about
OPNsense/pfSense, security, cybersecurity jobs and the industry, and the
importance of dialog and debate over caustic criticism and cancelling. I
share how watching the debates/conversations between Sam Harris and
Jordan Peterson have taught me that even in cases of extreme
disagreement we can seek civil discourse. We even raided ThePrimeagen,
with whom I disagree with a lot, but have a lot in common with as well.
Both of us have just forgotten the drama from the past. It's just not
worth it.
